The XSB system is now available by anonymous ftp from SUNY Stony Brook.

The following is a list of instructions on how to ftp and install XSB.

     1) Issue FTP command to connect to our ftp server

                ftp ftp.cs.sunysb.edu or ftp 130.245.1.40

        When asked for Name, respond with "anonymous".
        When asked for Password, respond with your e-mail address.

     2) Issue the following change directory command to where the XSB system is
 
                cd pub/XSB
 
     3) Change transfer mode to binary
         
                binary
 
     4) Now retrieve the XSB system (using either of the following)
 
                get XSB.tar.gz    or	get XSB.tar.Z
 
     5) Exit the ftp program
 
                quit
 
     6) Now uncompress and untar the files (again using either of the following)
 
		gnutar zxvf XSB.tar.gz

                uncompress -c XSB.tar.Z | tar xvf -

        Note that these commands uncompress the files into the current
	working directory, and create a directory named XSB.
 
     7) Change directory to XSB

		cd XSB

	This directory should now contain some files (among which there should
	be one named "makeall"), and the following 7 directories: 

		build, cmplib, emu, examples, lib, manual, and syslib.

	Note that after the installation of XSB the directory structure of XSB
	should be maintained.  However, you can build XSB for installation
	in a place other than the directory where you unpacked the system
	(see the INSTALL file).

     8) Read carefully the License Agreement for XSB found in the file LICENSE.

		more LICENSE

	This should be done before executing step 9 below.  By installing the
	XSB system you automatically agree to the conditions of the LICENSE
	agreement.

     9) For detailed installation instructions, see the file INSTALL.


    10) The Prolog byte code files in cmplib, syslib and lib should NOT
	have to be recompiled except under exceptional circumstances
	(such as corruption during ftp transmission), as they are machine
	and installation procedure independent.

    11) (Optional) Remove the compressed XSB system

                rm ../XSB.tar.gz   or   rm ../XSB.tar.Z

    12) The XSB Programmer's Manual (in LateX, dvi and Postcript format)
	resides in the directory manual.  In case the dvi or Postcript
	files are corrupted, you can type "latex manual" twice in the
	manual directory to obtain the manual.dvi file.

    13) For those familiar with Prolog interpreters, the XSB interpreter
	can be executing the script

		bin/xsb -i

        (it might also be bin/xsb-aout, if you have built XSB with the
	--linuxaout option, or bin/xsb-bits64, if you have built with the
	--force64 option.
	All Prolog standard predicates are provided.  Those unfamiliar with
	Prolog systems, should read chapters 2 and 3 of the XSB manual to
	find out how to consult files and call predicates.

    14) Some sample programs and benchmarks are in the directory "examples".

    15) Have fun with the XSB system...


Once you obtain XSB, please register as an XSB user.  You will be asked to
auto-register once the build process is complete. The registration script
will leave a file .xsb/registration in your home directory. While this file 
is present, you will not be asked to register again.

In addition, each time you build XSB, you will be asked to send us the
installation log (this is done automatically, if you respond positively to
the prompt). This log will help us keep track of the XSB usage on the
different systems and focus our development efforts.

Our address:
 - high-tech:

	e-mail: xsb-contact@cs.sunysb.edu

 - low-tech:

	XSB-Group
	Department of Computer Science
	SUNY at Stony Brook
	Stony Brook, NY 11794-4400
	U.S.A.

Please address all comments and bug reports to the addresses above.
We will be happy to hear your comments or suggestions, or to assist
you in any possible way.

